documenting normalizePath and update submission-guidelines (#12)
marcusolsson/obsidian-plugin-docs: docs/publishing/submission-guidelines.md

# Submission guidelines

This page lists some of the common review comments plugin authors get when submitting their plugin.

# normalizePath function 

> The normalizePath() function takes a file path as a string and scrubs it to be safe for the file system and for cross-platform use. It performs such actions as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`normalizePath()`](../api/functions/normalizePath) function takes a file path and scrubs it to be safe for the file system and for cross-platform use.
```

> - clean up the use of forward and backward slashes, such as replace 1 or more of \ or / with a single /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cleans up the use of forward and backward slashes, such as replacing 1 or more of `\` or `/` with a single `/`.
```

> - remove leading and trailing \ and /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes leading and trailing forward and backward slashes.
```

> - replace any \u00A0 non breaking spaces with a regular space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaces any non-breaking spaces, `\u00A0`, with a regular space.
```

> - runs the path through the [String.prototype.normalize method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/normalize )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runs the path through the [String.prototype.normalize method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/normalize).
```

```ts
import { normalizePath } from "obsidian";
const pathToPlugin = normalizePath(app.vault.configDir + "//plugins/my-plugin");

> // pathToPlugin contains ".obsidian/plugins/my-plugin" not .obsidian//plugins/my-plugin

Reviewer: Instead of a sentence here, how about: 

```
import { normalizePath } from "obsidian";
const pathToPlugin = normalizePath(app.vault.configDir + "//plugins/my-plugin");
console.log(pathToPlugin)

// Output: .obsidian/plugins/my-plugin
```

or

```
import { normalizePath } from "obsidian";
normalizePath(app.vault.configDir + "//plugins/my-plugin"); // returns ".obsidian/plugins/my-plugin"
```
